docs: add `succeedModule` and `buildModule` hook (#422)
web-infra-dev/rspack-website: docs/en/api/plugin-api.mdx

## Compilation Hooks

### `buildModule`

`SyncHook<[JsModule]>`

> Triggered before a module build has started, can be used to modify(not supported by Rspack yet) the module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Triggered before a module build has started, can be used to modify the module (Rspack currently only support read the module, modify is not supported yet).
```

> Triggered before a module build has started, can be used to modify the module (Rspack currently only support read the module, modify is not supported yet).

Author: ```suggestion
Triggered before a module build has started, can be used to modify the module (Rspack currently only support reading the module, modifying is not supported yet).
```
